W-22108309-query-complexity¨ (#1050)
mulesoft/docs-gateway: gateway/1.13/modules/ROOT/pages/policies-included-directory.adoc

| xref:policies-included-dataweave-request-filter.adoc[DataWeave Request Filter] | Transformation | Filters requests by using a DataWeave script
| xref:policies-included-external-authorization.adoc[External Authorization] | Security | Authenticates requests with an external gRPC or HTTP authorization service
| xref:policies-included-external-processing.adoc[External Processing] | Transformation | Sends the incoming HTTP requests or outgoing HTTP responses to an external gRPC service for additional processing

> | xref:policies-included-graphql-static-query-complexity.adoc[GraphQL Static Query Complexity] | GraphQL | Estimates static query complexity from your schema and rejects operations that exceed a configured budget before Flex Gateway forwards traffic upstream

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| xref:policies-included-graphql-static-query-complexity.adoc[GraphQL Static Query Complexity] | GraphQL | Calculates query complexity and blocks requests that exceed the defined budget
```
